README.md, before:

# My Data Science Practice

  This repository stores **code related to statistics, data science, and artificial intelligence**, which are relatively not [traditional computer science domains](https://github.com/kimpro82/MyPractice).


### \<List>

- [Kaggle](#kaggle)
  - [Competitions](#competitions)
  - [Analysis](#analysis)
- [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
  - [R](#r)
  - [Python](#python)
  - [Julia](#julia)
- [ETC](#etc)
  - [빅데이터분석기사 (실기)](#빅데이터분석기사-실기)


## [Kaggle](#list)

### [Competitions](#list)

  [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/kangrokkim) than Gargle!

  - [Titanic](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/)
    - [R : Random Forest (2023.12.02)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#r--random-forest-20231202)
    - [Python : HGB 1.2 (2022.07.31)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#python--hgb-12-20220731)
    - [Python : HGB 1.1 (2022.07.28)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#python--hgb-11-20220728)
    - [Python : HGB 1.0 (2022.07.27)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#python--hgb-10-20220727)

### [Analysis](#list)

  These belong to Kaggle but are not related to competitions.

  - [Data Splitting Practice in R (2023.08.05)](/Kaggle/Analysis/DataSplitting/)
  - [Trends of *F1 Score* with Changes in Precision and Recall (2023.06.25)](/Kaggle/Analysis/F1Score/)
  - [Decision Tree Regression with *Used Car Prices* in R (2022.12.07)](/Kaggle/Analysis/CarPrice/)
  - [Black Jack](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/)
    - [1. Set Initial Cards](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/README.md#1-set-initial-cards)
      - [1.1 Trial 1 - Generate the Entire Initial Cases (2022.08.16)](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/README.md#11-trial-1---generate-the-entire-initial-cases-20220816)
    - [0. Generate Cards' Data (2022.08.06)](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/README.md#0-generate-cards-data-20220806)


## [Programming Languages](#list)

  Not all of the code below is directly related to data science, but for convenience, all code in specialized languages like R and Julia will be categorized under this repository.

### [R](#list)

  - [`any()` & `all()` Practice (2024.02.19)](/R/README.md#any--all-practice-20240219)
  - [Slicing String with `substr()` (2023.06.26)](/R/README.md#slicing-string-with-substr-20230626)
  - [`List` Practice in R (2022.11.22)](/R/README.md#list-in-r-20221122)
  - [`Shiny` - 1st Trial (2022.05.04)](/R/README.md#shiny---1st-trial-20220504)
  - [Scatter Points in a Circle (2021.08.16)](/R/README.md#scatter-points-in-a-circle-20210816)
  - [Permutations and Combinations (2021.04.05)](/R/README.md#permutations-and-combinations-20210405)
  - [Generating Array and Variables by for Loop (2019.12.06)](/R/README.md#generating-array-and-variables-by-for-loop-20191206)
  - [Fibonacci Tornado (2017.05.07)](/R/README.md#fibonacci-tornado-20170507)

### [Julia](#list)

  - [Triple Pendulum Simulation (2024.09.23)](/Julia/README.md#triple-pendulum-simulation-20240923)
  - [Double Pendulum Simulation (2024.09.22)](/Julia/README.md#double-pendulum-simulation-20240922)
  - [K-Means Clustering for Text Data (2024.08.05)](/Julia/README.md#k-means-clustering-for-text-data-20240805)
  - [Initial Practice (2024.05.28)](/Julia/README.md#initial-practice-20240528)

### [Python](#list)

  - [Shuffle List (2020.03.30)](/Python/README.md#shuffle-list-20200330)
  - [Random Seed Influence (2020.01.05)](/Python/README.md#random-seed-influence-20200105)
  - [Square Root (2020.01.01) (adjusted 2020.01.04)](/Python/README.md#square-root-20200101)
  - [Limited Range Sampling (2019.09.22)](/Python/README.md#limited-range-sampling-20190922)


## [ETC](#list)

### [빅데이터분석기사 (실기)](#list)

- 예시문제
  - [작업형 제1유형 (2023.06.23)](/BAE/README.md#작업형-제1유형-20230623)
  - [작업형 제2유형](/BAE/README.md##작업형-제2유형)
    - [Trial 1 : Decision Tree (2023.06.23)](/BAE/README.md#trial-1--decision-tree-20230623)
    - [Trial 2 : Random Forest (2024.06.21)](/BAE/README.md#trial-2--random-forest-20240621)
  - [작업형 제3유형 (신유형, 2023.04.25)](/BAE/README.md#작업형-제3유형-신유형-20230425)
- 기출문제
  - [제5회 : 필답형 9번 (2022.12.03)](/BAE/README.md#제5회--필답형-9번-20221203)

Commit message:

Julia : Monte Carlo Simulation of Price Index Random Walks (#55)
* Create RandomWalk.jl
* Upload random_walk.png

* Update README.md
* Update /README.md

README.md, after:

# My Data Science Practice

  This repository stores **code related to statistics, data science, and artificial intelligence**, which are relatively not [traditional computer science domains](https://github.com/kimpro82/MyPractice).


### \<List>

- [Kaggle](#kaggle)
  - [Competitions](#competitions)
  - [Analysis](#analysis)
- [Programming Languages](#programming-languages)
  - [Julia](#julia)
  - [Python](#python)
  - [R](#r)
- [ETC](#etc)
  - [빅데이터분석기사 (실기)](#빅데이터분석기사-실기)


## [Kaggle](#list)

### [Competitions](#list)

  [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/kangrokkim) than Gargle!

  - [Titanic](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/)
    - [R : Random Forest (2023.12.02)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#r--random-forest-20231202)
    - [Python : HGB 1.2 (2022.07.31)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#python--hgb-12-20220731)
    - [Python : HGB 1.1 (2022.07.28)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#python--hgb-11-20220728)
    - [Python : HGB 1.0 (2022.07.27)](/Kaggle/Competitions/Titanic/README.md#python--hgb-10-20220727)

### [Analysis](#list)

  These belong to Kaggle but are not related to competitions.

  - [Data Splitting Practice in R (2023.08.05)](/Kaggle/Analysis/DataSplitting/)
  - [Trends of *F1 Score* with Changes in Precision and Recall (2023.06.25)](/Kaggle/Analysis/F1Score/)
  - [Decision Tree Regression with *Used Car Prices* in R (2022.12.07)](/Kaggle/Analysis/CarPrice/)
  - [Black Jack](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/)
    - [1. Set Initial Cards](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/README.md#1-set-initial-cards)
      - [1.1 Trial 1 - Generate the Entire Initial Cases (2022.08.16)](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/README.md#11-trial-1---generate-the-entire-initial-cases-20220816)
    - [0. Generate Cards' Data (2022.08.06)](/Kaggle/Analysis/BlackJack/README.md#0-generate-cards-data-20220806)


## [Programming Languages](#list)

  Not all of the code below is directly related to data science, but for convenience, all code in specialized languages like Julia and R will be categorized under this repository.

### [Julia](#list)

  - [Monte Carlo Simulation of Price Index Random Walks (2024.11.20)](/Julia/README.md#monte-carlo-simulation-of-price-index-random-walks-20241120)
  - [Triple Pendulum Simulation (2024.09.23)](/Julia/README.md#triple-pendulum-simulation-20240923)
  - [Double Pendulum Simulation (2024.09.22)](/Julia/README.md#double-pendulum-simulation-20240922)
  - [K-Means Clustering for Text Data (2024.08.05)](/Julia/README.md#k-means-clustering-for-text-data-20240805)
  - [Initial Practice (2024.05.28)](/Julia/README.md#initial-practice-20240528)

### [Python](#list)

  - [Shuffle List (2020.03.30)](/Python/README.md#shuffle-list-20200330)
  - [Random Seed Influence (2020.01.05)](/Python/README.md#random-seed-influence-20200105)
  - [Square Root (2020.01.01) (adjusted 2020.01.04)](/Python/README.md#square-root-20200101)
  - [Limited Range Sampling (2019.09.22)](/Python/README.md#limited-range-sampling-20190922)

### [R](#list)

  - [`any()` & `all()` Practice (2024.02.19)](/R/README.md#any--all-practice-20240219)
  - [Slicing String with `substr()` (2023.06.26)](/R/README.md#slicing-string-with-substr-20230626)
  - [`List` Practice in R (2022.11.22)](/R/README.md#list-in-r-20221122)
  - [`Shiny` - 1st Trial (2022.05.04)](/R/README.md#shiny---1st-trial-20220504)
  - [Scatter Points in a Circle (2021.08.16)](/R/README.md#scatter-points-in-a-circle-20210816)
  - [Permutations and Combinations (2021.04.05)](/R/README.md#permutations-and-combinations-20210405)
  - [Generating Array and Variables by for Loop (2019.12.06)](/R/README.md#generating-array-and-variables-by-for-loop-20191206)
  - [Fibonacci Tornado (2017.05.07)](/R/README.md#fibonacci-tornado-20170507)


## [ETC](#list)

### [빅데이터분석기사 (실기)](#list)

- 예시문제
  - [작업형 제1유형 (2023.06.23)](/BAE/README.md#작업형-제1유형-20230623)
  - [작업형 제2유형](/BAE/README.md##작업형-제2유형)
    - [Trial 1 : Decision Tree (2023.06.23)](/BAE/README.md#trial-1--decision-tree-20230623)
    - [Trial 2 : Random Forest (2024.06.21)](/BAE/README.md#trial-2--random-forest-20240621)
  - [작업형 제3유형 (신유형, 2023.04.25)](/BAE/README.md#작업형-제3유형-신유형-20230425)
- 기출문제
  - [제5회 : 필답형 9번 (2022.12.03)](/BAE/README.md#제5회--필답형-9번-20221203)
